This documentation describes how to compile a new relase of scriba on the development environment.
The purpose of this file is to help the development engineer to perform the genration of the
release package and to minimize errors. This file does not intended to describe the release
process in detail, this is only a remainder. 

This file is not intended to be part of the release package.

1. Check the build version in build.txt. If neccessary run scriba newbuild.bas
2. Run precompile.bat in the directory "source".
3. Start Visual C++ V6.0, select the project build all and compile the release version binaries.
   Run the test programs.
4. Create scriba_exe.zip using WinZIP. Copy the files cgi.dll, scriba.exe, scriba.lib and scriba.dll
5. Create scriba_source.zip using WinZIP. Copy all files into this ZIP from under the directory
   source. Remove the header and other unneccesary files from the ZIP.
6. Copy the source files with ftp to the Tru64 UNIX development station.
7. Run 'sh convert.sh' then run 'make all'
8. Run the test scripts.
9. Remove the header files, the generated executable and all other unneccesary files.
10. Create scriba.tar saying 'tar c * > ../scriba.tar' (Linux)  tar cf - * > ../scriba.tar (Tru64 UNIX)
11. Run 'make all' again to test that no neccessary file was deleted before creating the tar file.
12. gzip the tar file.
13. Edit the HTML jamal source files if neccessary.
14. Run the make.cmd in the directory "source\html"
15. Copy the doc files into directory 'html'.
16. Open the doc files and convert each to HTML and text format.
16.a Copy all modified and new ppt files and real audio files to the directory 'html'.
16.b Save all modified and new ppt files as html.
17. Copy the directories HTML, DOC, the zip files to the UNIX development station.
17.a Remove the huge real audio files that were not modified since last upload.
18. Create the upload.tar.gz file putting all files into this archive.
19. Upload the file upload.tar.gz to the web server and extract it.

p.v.c September 25, 1999.
